Dual-stack docs correction (#26386)
kubernetes/website: content/en/docs/concepts/services-networking/dual-stack.md

If your cluster has dual-stack enabled, you can create {{< glossary_tooltip text="Services" term_id="service" >}} which can use IPv4, IPv6, or both. 

> The address family of a Service defaults to the address family of the first service cluster IP range (configured via the `--service-cluster-ip-range` flag to the kube-api-server).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The address family of a Service defaults to the address family of the first service cluster IP range (configured via the `--service-cluster-ip-range` flag to the kube-apiserver).
```

Author: Thanks!
